---
title: "2016 European LLVM Developers' Meeting"
description: ""
date: 2016-03-17T19:45:19+05:30
toc: true
tags: []
draft: false
---

{{< event_data "2016-03" >}}

## About

The LLVM Developers' Meeting is a bi-annual gathering of the entire LLVM Project community. The conference is organized by the LLVM Foundation and many volunteers within the LLVM community. Developers and users of LLVM, Clang, and related subprojects will enjoy attending interesting talks, impromptu discussions, and networking with the many members of our community. Whether you are a new to the LLVM project or a long time member, there is something for each attendee.

To see the agenda, speakers, and register, please visit the Event Site here: https://llvm.org/devmtg/2016-03/#schedule

What can you can expect at an LLVM Developers' Meeting?

- **Presentations**

  A concise overview of the topics being presented. 


- **Tutorials**

  Tutorials are 60 minute sessions that dive down deep into a technical topic. Expect in depth examples and explanations.


- **Lightning Talks**

  These are fast 5 minute talks that give you a taste of a project or topic. Attendees will hear a wide range of topics and probably leave wanting to learn more.


- **Poster Session**

  An hour long poster session where selected posters are on display.


- **Birds of a Feather (BoF)**

  BoF sessions are more formal guided discussions about a specific topic. The presenter typically has slides to guide the discussion. The audience is given the opportunity to participate in the discussion.


What types of people attend?

- Active developers of projects in the LLVM Umbrella (LLVM core, Clang, LLDB, libc++, compiler_rt, flang, lld, MLIR, etc).
- Anyone interested in using these as part of another project.
- Students and Researchers
- Compiler, programming language, and runtime enthusiasts.
- Those interested in using compiler and toolchain technology in novel and interesting ways.

The LLVM Developers' Meeting strives to be the best conference to meet other LLVM developers and users.

Please visit the event site for all the information, call for papers, and more: [https://llvm.org/devmtg/2016-03/#schedule](https://llvm.org/devmtg/2016-03/#schedule)

For future announcements or questions: Please visit the LLVM Discourse forums. Most posts are in the Announcements or Community categories and tagged with usllvmdevmtg.

## Program

### Presentations Abstracts

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2016-03/presentations" 
    "presentations" 
>}}

### Tutorials Abstracts

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2016-03/tutorials" 
    "tutorials" 
>}}

### Lightning Talks Abstracts

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2016-03/lightning_talks" 
    "lightning_talks" 
>}}

### Posters Abstracts

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2016-03/posters" 
    "posters" 
>}}

### BoFs Abstracts

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2016-03/bofs" 
    "bofs" 
>}}

## Code of Conduct

The LLVM Foundation is dedicated to providing an inclusive and safe
experience for everyone. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any
form. By registering for this event, we expect you to have read and agree to
the [LLVM Code of Conduct](http://llvm.org/docs/CodeOfConduct.html).

## Contact

To contact the organizer, email [Vladimir Subotic](vladimir.subotic@bsc.es).
