---
title: "2018 European LLVM Developers Meeting"
description: ""
date: 2018-04-16T19:45:19+05:30
toc: true
tags: []
draft: false
---

{{< event_data "2018-04" >}}

## About

The meeting serves as a forum for LLVM, Clang, LLDB and other LLVM project developers and users to get acquainted, learn how LLVM is used, and exchange ideas about LLVM and its (potential) applications. The conference will be two full days that include technical talks, BoFs, hacker’s lab, tutorials, a poster session and a reception.

We believe the event will be of particular interest to the following people:

- Active developers of projects in the LLVM Umbrella (LLVM core, Clang, LLDB, libc++, compiler_rt, klee, lld, etc).
- Anyone interested in using these as part of another project.
- Compiler, programming language, and runtime enthusiasts.
- Those interested in using compiler and toolchain technology in novel and interesting ways.

Please sign up for the [LLVM Developers' Meeting List](http://lists.llvm.org/mailman/listinfo/llvm-devmeeting) list for future announcements and to ask questions.

## Women in Compilers and Tools Reception

The LLVM Foundation is excited to announce our second Women in Compilers and Tools Reception to be held in conjuction with the 2018 European LLVM Developers' Meeting! Tickets are available [here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2018-european-llvm-developers-meeting-women-in-compilers-and-tools-reception-tickets-42287427835).

This is an evening reception on April 15th that includes dinner, drinks, and a panel featuring well known women in the field of compilers and tools. The confirmed speakers are Anastasia Stulova and Karine Heydemann. The event will be held at a restaurant called Riverstation.

This event aims to connect women in the LLVM community and the field of compilers and tools. It also is open to anyone (men or women) who is intersted in increasing diversity within the LLVM community, their workplace or university.

## Schedule

View the [online schedule](https://2018eurollvm.sched.com/).

For travel booking purposes:
* Women in Compilers and Tools: Sunday April 15, 2018 from 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM.
* Developers meeting: from Monday Apr 16, 2018, 8:00 AM to Tuesday, Apr 17, 2018, 6:30 PM

## Program

### Keynote

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/keynote" 
    "keynote" 
>}}

### Tutorials

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/tutorials" 
    "tutorials" 
>}}

### BoFs

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/birds_of_a_feather" 
    "birds_of_a_feather" 
>}}

### Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/technical_talks" 
    "technical_talks" 
>}}

### Lightning Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/lightning_talks" 
    "lightning_talks" 
>}}

### Posters

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/posters" 
    "posters" 
>}}

### Student Research Competition

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2018-04/student_research_competition" 
    "student_research_competition" 
>}}

## Travel Grants for Students

The LLVM Foundation sponsors student travel to attend the LLVM Developers' Meeting. Travel grants cover some or all of travel related expenses. This program is open to full-time undergraduate and graduate students.

Please submit your [application](https://goo.gl/forms/jniELhObkF3NkoAD3) by February 26th, 2018 at 5:00 PM PDT. Full details on eligibility and the selection process are provided in the application. Notification of successful travel grant awards will be sent via email by March 2, 2018. 

## Code of Conduct

The LLVM Foundation is dedicated to providing an inclusive and safe
experience for everyone. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any
form. By registering for this event, we expect you to have read and agree to
the [LLVM Code of Conduct](http://llvm.org/docs/CodeOfConduct.html).

## Contact

To contact the organizers, Arnaud de Grandmaison and Phillip Power, please email [eurollvm-organizers@lists.llvm.org](eurollvm-organizers@lists.llvm.org). 